hey everyone welcome to behind the ads
where we get to learn how some of the
fastest growing companies approach
digital advertising and in today's
episode joining me today is Alex panchuk
the PPC manager at Panda Doc and I'm
really excited to get into it Alex
welcome
thanks for being invite so we'll
pleasure to be here
so Alex you are a fellow PPC Aficionado
and I'm I know you really know PBC well
and you like you have a lot a lot of ton
of insights we're going back and forth
with LinkedIn for a while and I'm really
excited to pick your brain and see what
you're up to at Panda doc so just
getting started what does panda dog do
and who do you serve
and so at pentador we're building the
most intuitive platform that helps you
automate all kinds of agreements
transactions and document driven
workflows essentially it helps companies
and businesses to create send track and
design all kinds of proposals quotes
contracts all in one place and our
primary audience is salespeople and
everybody who is involved with any kinds
of documents in small and medium-sized
businesses across different Industries
but mostly it's Texas a little bit of
financial sector Healthcare marketing
agencies and stuff like that
so many different applications I
actually was a customer of panda doc by
accident years ago probably
at least four five six years ago and I
found out about you guys because I was
looking for proposal templates for
marketing agencies
and that's kind of how I got into it but
you have so many different use cases so
many different people who can use Panda
doc
how does I mean that's got to be a
little bit overwhelming how do you guys
approach that from from an audience
targeting perspective
uh yeah in marketing uh this year where
uh like this year we outlined it more
more precisely but still we're primarily
focusing on two Core Business campaigns
that we have or how we call them
integrated
during most of our Revenue year over
year it's uh proposals at votes uh which
is more of a sales sells the use case
and contracts any sign on the other hand
and with the help of
a different paid media channels such as
search social review programmatic Etc we
target specific personas with the
differentiated value props and
consistent message throughout their
whole journey besides two uh those two
core campaigns that we have we also try
some competitor traffic integration
traffic template traffic like the one
that you found us when you can when you
were looking for us and even some
portion of free traffic as well we also
have six different localized versions of
our website so we're putting a little
bit of money there as well and yeah our
main metrics are the addressable leads
and and from our recipe of course and
pipeline mostly
because it's the close one deals so if
you had to break the paid strategy down
at a high level what does that look like
uh
but I I I don't think I can name like
straight up of my head the percentages
of budget allocations but we have brand
campaigns obviously mostly to protect
but so also to direct them not only to
the website but to a specific landing
pages that we have we have uh the second
biggest uh like set of campaigns that we
have that brings us a big big amount of
Revenue is for competitors proposals
quotes and e-sign and less of uh less of
template and free traffic just just a
small portion
got it so
I see I see and in terms of the channel
allocation
is it primarily paid social paid search
what does that look like
uh yeah primarily it's wait search like
70 percent then it's a great social
around I think 15 maybe percent and
programmatic another small like review
websites were already up to 20 as well
so in total it's I'd say 75 for the
demand capture and on search and 25 on
different uh uh different initials like
review website by social programmatic
and stuff like that
wow and I was one of before coming on to
this this show I was doing a lot of
research on panadoc and and just kind of
what you guys are doing from a paid
search perspective your diversity of
keywords that you're bidding on is
remarkable like it's like the full gamut
the full spectrum most B2B companies are
just focus on very high intent capture
of you know
category software Etc from when I was
researching you guys are bidding all
over the Spectrum from keywords ranging
from as broad as
it was an e-signature business proposal
online notary and then all these
different keywords are going to
different unique offers based on on the
category of the campaign yeah
gotcha so you have two different setups
right now Panda doc you guys are a
hybrid business where you have sign ups
and demo requests are you are you
structuring campaigns based on the offer
you're trying to drive so like sign up
campaigns versus demo campaigns and then
Broken Out by theme in search
yeah we have we have that especially if
we're comparing like Brands where will
it mostly for the demos and uh like
template traffic which we have out of uh
several several hundreds of thousands of
signups we can we have up to five demos
so definitely some some variations there
from there to there but still we're
trying to to lead people uh to the
landing pages where there are two offers
both both free trial sign up and and
demos it's just a few of the campaign
sets that we offer only a Democrats so
when we know those those people when
they're searching for those Search terms
they are more valuable for us I'd say
gotcha so it's essentially just to recap
you're driving people to these landing
pages and they can choose their path so
you have the option to get a demo or
sign up and then it's on them to decide
what they want to go with yeah yeah
exactly and Stu but still with notice
even if even if we're really to the demo
page still they click on that the top
left top left will go and rather than
the website and still end up even on a
free free plan somehow so what what
trying to never get that as well I see I
see are you uh are you using like
session recording tools to see that
where they're how they go to your page
and then they leave and they start
navigating
yeah I believe for we use full story but
so that might change because
changing the the vendors and it's it's
been managed by our serial team we hope
we have a different uh different uh a
few people for this or CR optimization
like all that stuff maybe testing on the
website
one of the things Alex said I noticed
that you guys are doing at Panda doc
that I thought was really interesting
that isn't as common but a company like
yours seems to be doing it well in terms
of end-to-end execution is you guys are
launching different campaigns across
different languages I noticed on
LinkedIn you had Spanish campaigns and
then I'm assuming are you guys doing the
same thing on search we are testing
different languages as well
yeah yeah we're doing both search and
social for uh we have six different uh
language versions of the website but
we're putting more money like up to four
of them
and even for two most precisely and
added to a little bit less let's say no
more help for French and and Spanish
everything to to other
so I'm assuming you guys you identify
just looking at your customer base
you're like people from these regions
tend to work really well for us we want
to go after more of them and then you
decided to stand up these unique
campaigns to go after folks in those
regions yeah and though those are big
regions uh I mean if France it's only
France and just a small part of Canada
but for for Spanish it's a whole whole
other market with the latam countries
and Mexico and Spain so yeah lots of
traffic there as well so we try to uh to
buy it and convert as much as we can I'm
curious what has it been like in terms
of scaling and the cost differences that
you get advertising you don't have the
site specifics but just generally like
how much more or less expensive is it
advertising outside of North America and
then how has it been from a scale
perspective given that you're probably
dealing with a much lower average search
monthly uh search volume and then the
same thing on the audience size on
social
uh yeah it's it's definitely cheaper
especially in for Spanish uh and so
yeah in terms of scaling it's uh we have
for like a part of the budget and so we
spend it to the full and still our
impression share for some of the search
campaigns uh are up to 50 or or even
less so there is a whole other untapped
opportunity even if if we just uh scale
the budget without scaling any uh any
any any campaigns we have a whole set of
different campaigns pretty much like on
for our English account and uh we
replicated it with the uh for the class
versions and uh maybe something works
maybe something don't and we can pause
this thing so we're not like mimicking
the the English accounts and we're still
flexible for these language versions
because for some English for some
language versions for example like in
Germany there isn't a different
differentiation without between a
proposal and quotes Journal we have and
like we have in English and that's just
one one term for that so we try to
navigate those uh like not issues but
those types of
language you know yeah how are you
deciding on how the translation happens
are you are you hiring a local or using
Google translate how do you guys
approach it
we have a specific uh a few few people
for a localization teams and you know
they they work with some subcontractors
that help us and local people that that
help us translate it correctly they
don't like the word translated they they
like the word localized so localized got
it word of the day localized and and
what is how important is it for
everybody listening not thinking about
doing campaigns in all their languages
to have your campaigns localized by a
native versus using something like
Google Translate
uh I think it matters a big part because
Google translate uh isn't that if
efficient even if I was trying to to
translate some
um some phrases from from Ukrainian to
Russian or vice versa and still it even
though this this languages are somehow
similar it still didn't uh translate
them properly so I wouldn't trust the
Google translate as much for that but
still yeah there's Nuance too right
there's just ways we say things for
example answers for me I speak English
and Spanish and I was reading some of
your Spanish ads and it's like as a
Spanish speaker there's nuances you look
for like there's certain statements of
way we things we say that like
grammatically it's correct how Google
translate will will spit out the
response but no local speaker would ever
say it that way you know what I mean
um yeah that's that's awesome so so
taking a step back you have a lot of
different people who can use Panda doc
which is a blessing and a curse it's a
blessing from a product perspective and
you know for sure for scaling Revenue
Etc but it could be also a curse from a
paid media perspective because you have
so many different people you're trying
to cover so how do you approach building
your audiences to get in front of your
ideal customer profile
so we're trying to on our side with the
analytics we try to build just like more
more granular audiences that we have uh
and uh like when when people sign up or
request a demo we have all the fields uh
that can be
translated into some some sort of events
and based on them we can create
different types of audiences uh like
that's one uh
or base based based on some of them we
uh we did and advertise to similar
audiences but that would be obsoleting
in a matter of months or two so that's a
bummer for everyone who's listening or
watching
um we also uh try some custom and
combine segments inside of Google ads uh
with custom segments it's mostly on my
competitor uh competitors terms however
with the with General electrons as well
um
you know what I mean like you guys are
operating the very lots of competition
we all we all name names but you have a
lot of competitors in the e-sign space
you know that firm that's that's only
one one the biggest one and well the
rest like like us and I noticed I
noticed as well that you guys are also
promoting like your API and going after
developers I thought that was really
unique and and how that's like a big
focus and and how from a creative
perspective you're using an internal
SME which is Travis who's actually
making the the creative for your content
which I thought was pretty cool
sometimes
is he like consistently creating ads for
you guys and helping you with the
content production side
uh I'm not that I'm not to working very
closely with Travis but yeah I think he
provided so lots of videos especially
for landing pages uh like uh comparing
us to competitors or that specific API
solution that you mentioned so so he
recorded So a few a few videos but they
saw that yeah and so I'm not managing
the directly paid social and she's not
working with inside it we have a
different person dedicated to it but I
believe we were running some some meds
with with Jarvis as well on paid social
and just for everyone like Google ads is
massive I don't when we say Google ads
most people just think Google search
but they don't understand that Google
ads has multiple campaign types within
the Google ads ecosystem in terms of
Google ads for panda doc you mentioned
it's the majority of the paid budget is
it primarily just search you're running
are you doing anything on YouTube are
you doing anything on Discovery or or
display
uh we're not uh try and Discovery uh 100
we tried a little bit of so most of our
budget goes to paid search then we have
a small remarketing campaigns for for
display
and uh and for YouTube I believe and uh
we're also trying in terms of video
advertising we're big on division 360
and programmatic also another person
manages all about that so yeah we have a
pretty robust team and
trying to to maximize everything from
every channel that that's awesome I we
even recently tried performance wax and
it didn't work out well for us so well
lots of garbage leads
and let me switch right and now that
that's the future whether we like it or
not you know Google sometimes everything
like search and will be combined in some
inside of some something like that I am
counting the days until Google removes
match types and it's just Broad
it's gonna happen it's only a matter of
time unfortunately because Google that's
just the way they worry about you know
we had to work with a
yeah so previously we had to work with
the select and some keywords uh try and
exact and phrase much more than now
we're working mostly on excluded
negatives and cleaning up some traffic
rather than selection something and
searching for something new are you guys
taking all of your paid search and
you're also advertising on Bing ads and
Microsoft ads
as well yeah gotcha so I don't know if
you know this but Microsoft ads used to
have the ability to set your network
distribution at the campaign level to
make sure that you're only showing up on
like Microsoft sites Etc
they recently removed it and now by
default they're they're like putting all
of your search ad campaigns across the
Audience Network which is trash
recently with my manager yeah and there
is no way to even exclude them uh like
uh even 90 I believe it's uh up up to 20
that you can exclude something like that
so with the visualizement I'm gonna I'm
about to change your world
if you go into the ad group level
the network distribution option is
available at the ad group level now so
open up the Bing ads editor like bulk
select all your ad groups and then
change the distribution option to
Microsoft sites and select partners and
you'll opt out of the Audience Network
maybe when we didn't have this issue but
uh maybe my major mentioned something
else but I think that was it yeah I have
a couple clients where they they've been
running on Microsoft ads recently and
they've been getting a lot of spam and
bought traffic and we identified that a
huge part of it was because of the
traffic they were getting from the
Audience Network so by opting out at the
ad group level uh it solved for that
which is crazy you know to think that
there's so much traffic in that
placement both Google and just roll
them out silently and you just found out
when you spend some some portion of the
budget there and no announcement no
nothing yeah yeah 30 percent is wasted
on somewhere else where we didn't even
opted in yeah Alex what would you say to
people that
that say you know paid search is dead
you can't drive leads and Pipeline and
revenue you can't acquire new customers
what would be your what has been your
experience what would you say to that
I'd say that there's still some uh even
with all the nuances with the Google
like eliminate in some kinds of
targeting options and match types or uh
we're combining them there's still some
potential there especially
not in every industry and there might be
a super expensive depending on on the
industry but still I think there is
still still value to get from from
Google
yeah and especially if you opt out all
of the like search Partners everything
that's just Google and just bottom of
the funnel traffic if it's search then
still uh and and
take some time play with the maybe some
bidding strategies depending on the
amount of traffic or leads I think
within some time there still can be some
decent results achieved in terms of
reporting and measurement and tracking
what does that look like for you guys at
panadoc
um just probable ads or overall it just
Google ads and then and then how do you
know your overall like successful at the
business level
uh so for Google let's uh our minds CRM
like sells related CRM is Salesforce and
so we have an integration there and we
try to
import all of the like stages of the
funnel and Main metrics there but then
we built custom columns around it and
with the post and click data uh combined
from Google we have for all the CPAs and
conversion rates that that we need from
uh from elite elite uh like from the
first touch points up to like
opportunity level and
some campaigns are
optimized by based on different events
and have a different sometimes have a
different value so and we're still there
is an untapped opportunity to play with
uh with some building strategies for
either set of campaigns that I named it
before either or moonsels or
Integrations
so yep and and overall we have also
still Salesforce as a main metric but uh
not metric but but source and we still
have uh like data warehouse like
redshift and our data science team and
uh analytics teams uh building all kinds
of river reports in in Tableau around it
so we have yeah pretty much when I
joined here uh it's it was all covered
and thank God I had nothing and to worry
about comparing to to the previous
campaigns that I worked with very very
helpful to build everything from the
ground up yeah it's it's incredible how
visibility is so much to the puzzle I
always tell people you could have the
best paid Advertiser of all time in your
account but if they don't have the right
tracking and Reporting they're not going
to do much for you it's so easy to scale
something
just because your emotions tell you to
do so right where you pause things too
early or let things go too long without
the proper tracking measurement it's
just not going to work out how important
would you say it's been and how
impactful has it been importing those
offline conversions from Salesforce into
your Google ad account
uh very impactful you don't have to uh
like login into Salesforce and uh like
look at different reports or change
filters all the time you have uh
whenever
the different uh like ad level Campaign
level ad group level keyword level you
can just in in a matter of few clicks
within some
customized columns you see everything
without
without logging into Salesforce at also
that's great it of course it takes time
especially with uh with opportunities
and later stages of the funnel but but
still it's it's better than uh
and are you are you then piggybacking
off that offline conversion data and
then using automated bid strategies
that are influenced by that to drive
conversion yeah yeah we even tried for
some set of campaigns
uh I don't think it was based on the
Salesforce but still
our data analysts uh made some kind of
model or or scoring system and for one
set of campaigns we were trying to
um not maximize conversion but so
maximize conversion value types obedient
sometimes it works sometimes they don't
but
we're still sometimes playing with it
yep I I have had a similar experience
where it could be hit or miss and then
also too being able to set the
conversion value count everyone kind of
has a different approach on how you
determine the value of a lead versus an
mql and op et cetera but oftentimes it's
crazy you'll have one campaign in your
account where Target CPA bidding does
really really well and then you have
another campaign and the exact same
account where it does terrible and it
doesn't work out despite being you know
feeding even if you do like portfolio
bid strategies too I don't know if you
guys have tried that it could also be
pretty hit or miss
exactly yeah
all right Alex so I know you run the
paid the PPC portion in terms of like
Google ads primarily Bing ads Etc and
then you mentioned that you have someone
else like another team that manages paid
social and then you have another team
that manages programmatic correct
not to dim just just a few people one or
four right social one four or review
websites and uh channels like war on
Reddit and some other like new channels
I'd say and so one uh yeah one for
programmatic are you all coming together
and sharing insights across channels how
does that that collaboration look like
of course we have a meeting once a week
and we discuss each each and every
channel what's happening there what we
should improve for uh try to beat on
something new or it's it also depends on
the uh like directive from from the top
if we're pursuing something new uh like
recently when we decided to to promote
this integrated campaign so we were
basically uh
advertising for proposal quotes all the
types of campaigns that I that I
mentioned but uh at the at the end of or
maybe in the middle of the last year and
toward the end of the year and this year
our segment marketing team developed
this integrated campaign approach where
we like combine everything that's
related to to sales use case which is uh
proposal in quotes and more of a silent
contract stuff more separately and we
promote it with a different messaging
yeah something like that and all all
that seeds are reflected on my channels
as well do you really like that
structure of having dedicated owners by
Channel because pendant I think for
those listening like pentadoc is a much
later stage startup right you guys are
much further along and a lot of people
listening to this are probably
three people marketing teams four people
marketing teams right they have one
person that's doing everything but when
you get to a level of scale like you
guys are at do you think it's necessary
and really helpful to have dedicated
managers by Channel
I think so yeah because so it's it's not
even the uh the sense of like trying
different channels it's it's a matter of
uh like the the budget and how many
times you need to spend on each channel
to
um to to perfect it and if you if you
spend like half a month uh on on paid
social then you come back to search and
something might be broken there and it
needs fixed in in other months and so on
and you don't have time for like
programmatic or a new websites that also
yeah with the with the with these types
of budgets with the big budgets I I
think that's the correct uh like team
structure that's awesome and people
don't realize how much of a full-time
job each thing becomes you know what I
mean if you're truly looking at your
campaigns you have an optimization
workflow you're just all of it and the
the amount of attention the detail so
yeah I thought that'd be a good nugget
for everybody listening that you know if
you're are in a smaller team right now
and you know you are growing and paid is
a serious part of your growth strategy
kind of what does the end look like for
you in terms of organizing that paid
media team
so when it comes to brainstorming
creative and copy are you guys doing
that collectively as a team
yes we do sometimes depending on the
like part of the product that that or
especially a new type of feature that we
might promote uh so that that's
correspondent team was developing it or
like product managers they come up with
the with their own types of messaging
and what they want to see they provide
some or describe some value props that
they want to see in their ads or on the
landing pages text then they give that
information to a copywriting team and
they generate a whole lot of text and
then piggyback approval process and yeah
then it's the design and also a small
some small approval process and then
it's like I'm gonna I'm gonna throw some
ads up on the screen right now that I
saw from you guys you guys are what I
notice is you have a lot of like product
oriented ads where you're using visuals
of your product in the creative or you
have like these little animated videos
with a voiceover going over uh your
product and then I notice you have it
broken out by different campaign themes
so you have all these unique creative by
Campaign theme and a lot of like product
orientation
are you guys sourcing unique voice
actors by campaign and are you split
testing voice actors because I notice
you guys have quite a few different
voice actors that that you're using
prior to you mentioning it I thought
that everyone was everywhere all the
voices were from from Travis but
honestly I I don't work with that part
of like creative stuff with the voices
especially so
um I won't say something specific to you
about it yeah gotcha and all they were
that we were trying some like you
mentioned like product area and it
campaigns like uh with a screenshots or
something like this product visuals and
just without them simple uh straight
people faces different so the the one
test that I like with people faces so
that that are programmatic uh was was
run it's that uh uh we had I believe
either six or seven different people
both men and women of different ages and
uh
the one that worked better were the the
men with the beard and he's like an
older one like 40s 50s solidly looking
and uh then we we tried to scale that
with the something similar of a woman
also in in older ages and maybe that's
that's how I'm like most converting
audiences looks like like older not uh
25 35 but a little bit older or
something like that but
lots of audiences on our website I
highly recommend checking out monday.com
and looking at their ads especially
their YouTube ads what they do which I
think would be really cool to test
especially on YouTube for you guys is
they have unique actors by region in
different languages
so they like they'll tailor the whole
thing based on the region and they're a
huge company I mean they're spending
Millions on on ads and they have
everything unique to the region that
they're going after and then the voice
actor is unique to that region too and
for example they know that
people with a British accent will
convert better usually in North America
because for whatever reason people in
America see uh British people the as
like intelligent and highly esteemed
just because of their accent you know
it's like these weird nuances like that
and they're split testing at that level
so it's it's super fascinating
um and on that note with the voice
actors and I know you're not too
involved with that but the one thing
that I thought was really cool about
what you guys are doing on social and
and is these ads that you have these
little these animated ads for the most
part from a cost production they don't
seem very expensive to produce and for
those of you that are interested in
using voice actors in your creative you
can go to fiverr.com and you can hire
voice actors for like 50 to 100 bucks
you know depending on the on the person
to narrate a script that you write out
for them so if you wanted to split test
different voice actors in different
regions you can find these people on
websites like Fiverr if you can't find
them person there then you go to a
website like upwork so you get a little
bit more customization your proposal and
then you can start to get access to
these resources that you probably don't
have right now internally yeah you don't
have to be a monday.com level of of
company or have that level of budgets to
just uh even Outsource some stuff or
like Silvio said to find some
contractors on Fiverr on upwork yeah
it's it's my I believe money.com Even
build their own uh media team and
production company for this for the
AdSense Etc so yeah
yep Alex Final question what advice
would you give someone listening to this
that has to start up a paid media
program at their company
uh so I was thinking about it and I
remembered myself when I was starting
and some some pressure from from the
upper management so
um have patience and try to convince
others to have patience especially when
the campaigns are freshly launched and
you have no historical data
um also set up more conversions than
usual and not just and measure as much
as you can and not just for example a
sport B2B it's like sign ups or demos
but try to implement and import into a
pre-conversion data points like CTA
clicks or any available clicks like
video video View and so for on the
landing pages and stuff like that and
also post conversions like different
stages of the funnel in sales motion yes
so import as much conversions as you can
and start with the start small and
increase gradually and spend spend your
budget on the most effective keywords
and bottom of the funnel and only then
try some broad image some high level
automated strategies when they have the
budget something like that
Alex thank you so much if people want to
connect with you where could they find
you
I'm mostly active on LinkedIn so you can
find me there so we're gonna go ahead
and drop Alex's LinkedIn profile Link in
the description Alex thank you again for
coming on hope you guys enjoyed this
episode we'll see you in the next one
see ya see you thank you